All right my friends in this video we're going to do a quick wrap up of this application.
There's just a couple of things I want to point out really quickly that were really important to understand
are not the most important thing about this application was to understand these creates autocomplete
function.
The entire goal here was to create a widget that was entirely reusable in nature and we saw a little
bit earlier how we could very easily swap out a source of data with the fetch data function and the
render option function as well to customize what the autocomplete looked like.
And that all was done very easily.
Think about how he would customize this widget.
If we didn't have access to this options object we would have had to go through all the code inside
of here and customize each line one by one to change the source of information or change how each option
was displayed so by extracting all this logic into the silver separate file you can now take this file
right here.
Add it to any other project that uses the almost CSX framework and tada you've got a working autocomplete
that's pretty much it.
The other big thing we learned about was that whenever we wanted to create a reasonable widget was kind
of important to locate all the HDL for that inside the widget itself as opposed to our e-mail file.
Again if we had tried to keep our HDL inside of the actual document around the autocomplete you and
I for every autocomplete we want to show would have had to put something inside of here of like input
and then a div with the class of dropdown and then inside there another one with dropdown dash menu
and so on and that would have had to have been done every single time we wanted to show it in autocomplete.
So we got around that by instead saying you know what inside of our each HTML document we're gonna show
just the absolute minimum kind of like a placeholder to display the autocomplete It was then up to the
widgets code to initialize the A.T.M. inside there.
And so again this is what made our widget very reusable because now we don't really care about what
has to be displayed inside of it.
We can just say Great autocomplete and the widget is going to set itself up automatically.
The last thing we really focused on what we focused on a lot but definitely one of the bigger items
was to really figure out how to run that comparison appropriately.
So in this scenario we realized that trying to pull stats out after the fact from our different movie
objects would probably be really challenging because we would be limited to being to how often we could
reorganize or reorder the different statistics.
So instead inside of our movie template we decided upfront to extract all the relevant values and store
those values inside of our Dom.
Then we can easily pull those values out later on from the run comparison function by just finding those
elements and then referencing the appropriate data set value then we could do a very easy comparison
without having to worry about what we were actually comparing imagine what we would have had to write
in here if we were trying to throw in like the entire awards straight into each DOM element we would
have had to say something like left side value right here and then we would have to do some code like
if left side value contains awards or something like that we've had to write some code like that to
determine or try to figure out whether or not we were working with the awards string to doing that after
the fact would've been really challenging.
So instead we just did all the processing upfront and that made our life down the road way easier okay.
So that's pretty much it for this application.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
We still have a ton to learn.
We'll continue in the next video.